vManage

vManage is the Network Management System (NMS) component that provides a "single pane of glass" for Day 0, Day 1 and Day 2 operations.
 vManage also includes centralized provisioning, monitoring, and troubleshooting, and is the component where policies and templates are defined.
  vManage supports both single tenant for a single customer or partner and multi-tenant for managed services deployments.

Role-based access control (RBAC) is enforced at the vManage level. Different built-in roles are available, including operator, which is a read-only role,
 and netadmin, which offers complete administrative access to the fabric. Custom user groups can be defined with very granular access options.

The REST API that you will discuss in the next section is also exposed in vManage. This programmable API enables access to all the capabilities of 
the fabric so that you can develop your own applications on top of it or integrate with other software solutions, like ServiceNow, Remedy, and Cisco DNA Center.
vSmart

vSmart is the main control plane component of the solution. It facilitates fabric discovery, disseminates control plane information between vEdges, 
distributes data plane policies to vEdge routers, and implements control plane policies.
vBond

vBond is the orchestrator of the fabric. It orchestrates both the control plane and the management plane and is the first point of authentication 
for all the fabric components. vBond distributes the list of vSmart and vManage components to the vEdge routers, facilitates NAT traversal and requires
 universally reachable IP address by all the fabric components.

If you are using public Internet as part of your transport for the SD-WAN fabric, the vBond is the only component that needs a public IP address.
 This address can reside behind port forwarding. Like the vManage, vBond works in both single and multi-tenant environments.
vEdge

vManage, vSmart, and vBond are virtual and can run in both VMware ESXi and KVM virtualization environments. vEdges are the routers that get deployed
 at all the sites throughout the fabric.

vEdges secure the data plane. They establish secure control plane connections with the vSmart controllers with the proprietary Overlay Management Protocol (OMP)
 and enforce the desired data plane policies. Zero Touch Deployment is supported for sites that lack technically-savvy personnel.

vEdges support traditional routing protocols (OSPF, BGP) and first hop redundancy protocols (VRRP). They can be virtual, but hardware appliances are also available
 in a wide range of configurations based on number of ports and throughput.
IOS XE

With IOS XE SD-WAN software image, SD-WAN capability can be enabled on select ISR 1000 series, ISR 4000 series and ASR 1000 series routers. 
A select number of ENCS 5000 series platforms also support IOS XE SD-WAN software images and can be SD-WAN enabled. CSR1000V also supports 
the SD-WAN image and can be used in public cloud environments to extend the on-premises infrastructure and create hybrid clouds. For more information, 
refer to the data sheets of the platform you are interested in.